Add mc license to reference docs (#550)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-license-info.rst

===================
``mc license info``
===================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. mc:: mc license info

Description
-----------

> The :mc-cmd:`mc license info` command displays information about the cluster's license.

Reviewer: about the MinIO deployment's license status. Specifically, whether the deployment uses the AGPLv3 Open Source license *or* the MinIO Commercial License

Author: 👍

For example, for a cluster not registered with |SUBNET|, the command returns information about the AGPLv3 license similar to the following:

.. code-block:: shell

   You are using GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Verson 3 (https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.txt)

   If you are building proprietary applications, you may want to choose the commercial license 
   included as part of the Standard and Enterprise subscription plans. (https://min.io/signup?ref=mc)

   Applications must otherwise comply with all the GNU AGPLv3 License & Trademark obligations.

Examples
--------

Display the Current License for a Cluster with Alias ``minio1``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc license info minio1

> If a cluster does not have a valid or current license, the command outputs an error message.

Reviewer: This conflicts with the intro stating we mention something about AGPLv3

Author: Changed to reflect that the error occurs if the commercial license is expired.

Syntax
------
      
The command has the following syntax:

.. code-block:: shell

   mc [GLOBALFLAGS] license info       \
                            ALIAS      \
                            [--airgap]

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

.. mc-cmd:: ALIAS
   :required:

   The :ref:`alias <alias>` of the MinIO deployment.
   
.. mc-cmd:: --airgap
   :optional:

>    Use in environments without network access to SUBNET (for example, airgapped, firewalled, or similar configuration).

Reviewer: The result is that it provides instructions on how to register via SUBNET right? should note that here.

Author: 👍

===================
``mc license info``
===================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. mc:: mc license info

Description
-----------

The :mc-cmd:`mc license info` command displays information about the MinIO deployment's license status.

> Specifically, whether the deployment uses the AGPLv3 Open Source license of the MinIO Commercial License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, whether the deployment uses the AGPLv3 Open Source license or the `MinIO Commercial License <https://min.io/product/subnet?ref=docs>`.
```

Author: 👍

> For example, for a deployment not registered with |SUBNET|, the command returns information about the AGPLv3 license similar to the following:

Reviewer: Thought - we're introducing "SUBNET" without making a link to why that matters for licensing.

"You must register your deployment with MinIO |SUBNET| to activate your commercial license.

For example, the command returns the following information for an unregistered deployment:"

And then cap the section with

"Use mc license register to associate your deployment with your SUBNET account. If you are not already signed up for SUBNET, see the `Registration <https://min.io/pricing?jmp/docs>`__ page."

Or something.

Author: I think these suggestions work.
